cancel task children first (#5720)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/5657.feature.rst

> In TaskManager, gather, select, and wait, use :func:`Task._uncancel` to ensure that all children are cancelled before the parent is cancelled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In :class:`~cocotb.triggers.TaskManager`, :func:`~cocotb.triggers.gather`, :func:`~cocotb.triggers.select`, and :func:`~cocotb.triggers.wait`, ensure that all children are cancelled before the parent is cancelled.
```

Don't expose private implementation detail.
